[door opens]
[Maru] So, how far are Ibaraki and Nara
from here?
[Kiruko] Far enough for it to be a haul.
-But Ibaraki is a little closer than Nara.
-[engine starts]
[Maru] Narabaki, Narabaki, Nara, Ibaraki.
Nara, Ibaraki, Nara, Ibaraki.
Nara, Baraki, Baraki.
Nara, Kibara, Nara, Ibaraki, Nara--
You are not doing that
for the next five hours!
But I'm bored. [yawns]
I wanna get there now.
What are you? A toddler?
[Maru]
No, but there has to be a faster way.
[Juichi] Sorry, it might actually take
a little longer than five hours.
[Maru, Kiruko shout] What?
Well, that earthquake might have
messed up some of the roads, so…
[Maru] Then, how long is it gonna take?
[Juichi] I'm not sure.
[Kiruko] Hmm, that's convenient.
You're not taking us
to some sort of creep camp
you and your friends got in the woods
to get back at us, are you?
[Juichi] No, I'm being honest.
Hey, did you really mean
what you said earlier?
[shouts] Hey, you came back!
Did who mean what?
[Juichi] You! You said you wanted to see
if my baby was still alive out there.
The breeding pig story. It's all true.
I wanna go back and take my revenge,
but I need help.
Oh, so that's why you wanted my gun.
Sis, this tattoo is the real deal.
[splashes]
Hmm?
[Kiruko] All right. Where is this place?
If the roads are in good condition,
it's about five hours away by car.
It's around here.
[Kiruko] Huh. Practically in Ibaraki.
[Maru] Hey, hey! I believe
that's what they call "gratuitous."
[groans]
[Kiruko] "Fortuitous."
[crickets chirping]
[Juichi snoring]
[groans]
[gasps]
[sighs]
[snoring continues]
I didn't touch it.
[gasps, grunts]
[groans]
Oh, sorry. You okay?
-That looked like it hurt.
-[groans]
-But…
-Huh?
…that proves I'm trustworthy, right?
At least a little?
[groans]
-[Kiruko] Listen.
-Huh?
[Kiruko] I'm only coming
to see if the baby's alive.
[sighs]
[Juichi] That's good enough for me.
[door closes]
We should hide the car
and walk from here. That way, we can--
-Hey, don't be so obvious!
-[both grunt]
[both groan]
[gasps] Oh, miss? Come here a second! Uh--
There's something I need to check out.
-Hmm…
-[Maru panting]
You jerk!
-[screams]
-[Juichi groans]
You can't just go around
feeling up the chest
of another man's woman!
[Juichi] I'm so sorry!
I'm not yours, or a woman!
[gasps] I'm so sorry!
Look, I don't wanna be a creep.
I just wanna let you know
that your chest could put you in danger
with the women in charge out here.
[Kiruko] What?
[Maru] Hmm…
Women with larger chests
are despised in this town.
So you should keep your jacket zipped.
Some women have cut their breasts off
completely just to live here.
Why would a society of women
want to do that to each other?
I don't know. They're the same people
who imprisoned a little boy
and tattooed him for fun!
Who knows
why these psychopaths do anything?
This sounds too scary!
I'm going in with you!
No! Walking in there with a guy
makes the whole thing worse!
Wait. If you really wanna go,
I have something that will help.
-[Maru] A little to the left?
-[Juichi] Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, Sis? You like it?
[Kiruko stutters]
[straining] You look great.
You're so pretty.
Why did you say it like that? [chuckles]
-Hey, Juichi!
-[gasps]
Which one of us is cuter?
[gasps] Well, naturally,
I'd say you, miss.
Is that the right answer, or…
Yes! Now, let's head out.
Wait, were you jealous?
This is all fake.
-Shut up.
-[groans]
Uh…
If you're ready, it's this way.
[panting]
[Juichi] The big building in front
is the school.
But, you know, if we can see it from here,
then they can see us.
Yeah, yeah. I know.
Bye. Back in a bit.
Don't mess with our stuff, okay? [laughs]
I haven't yet, and I'm not gonna!
Just saying. There are tons of people
out there who would love to.
Like that girl? The King of Hotels?
Hmm, I wonder how she's doing.
[Maru] Yeah. I hope she's good.
[Kiruko] That's one big hole
for a place called the Walled Off Town.
-All right. Knock, knock, coming in.
-[Maru] Hey! We gotta stay close.
[Kiruko] Geez. It's not just abandoned,
it's totally wrecked.
[Maru] But like, look at this stuff…
[Kiruko] Yeah.
Someone definitely used to live here.
[Maru] Doesn't look like they're
coming back anytime soon.
[Kiruko] I wonder what they did
with the pigs.
Let's look around some more.
[Maru] Is anybody here?
[footsteps approach]
-[Maru grunts]
-Yeah, go ahead and make a bigger mess.
-Graceful.
-[Maru] Shut up!
It was an accident!
Whoa. This is in great condition.
Hmm. They left so much good stuff here.
It's like they disappeared
more than moved out.
'Cause they did.
Yeah, this journal is incomplete.
[Maru] Like how?
[Kiruko] It ends on this page
with just a date and a scribble. So…
-[wind howls]
-[gasps]
[Maru groans] It just got so cold…
[gasps]
[Maru grunts]
That hurt! What the heck, Sis?
[ice crackles]
Sis?
Here! Why is everything covered in ice?
[Kiruko shivering]
[straining] Shit. Maru.
It's a Man-eater.
It's gotta be close.
Find it.
[panting]
[groans] My eyes are…
freezed shut.
[grunts]
[gasps] Above us! Shoot!
[Kiruko straining, shivering]
[grunts]
Yep. That was a Hiruko, all right.
[coughs, gasps]
Damn it. That was really bad.
Any longer and it would've killed us.
How did you know it was up there?
-Just somehow.
-Descriptive! Thank you!
[rattles, thuds]
[both gasp]
[Kiruko] Let's go.
It's tracking us from above!
Better not run into it!
Why are you stopping? We gotta go!
-[grunts]
-[Maru] Sis?
Are we not running away?
-[footsteps approaching]
-[steady breathing]
[rattles, thuds]
[Kiruko] There it is.
[ice crackling]
[inhales]
[blows]
[Kiruko] I get it now.
It's a proximity thing.
Cold starts to dissipate
at a certain point.
You only have the upper hand
when you sneak up on your prey,
trap them and freeze them in place.
But if someone runs at you
with a weapon before they freeze,
then you're in trouble!
[exhales]
Hmm…
Nope. I can get in,
but I can't find the core.
Must be in the other half.
Yeah, and that half ran away.
That figures.
What now?
Are we leaving?
-Hey! Shouldn't we--
-No point.
We were only supposed
to look for the baby.
And he's obviously not here.
So let's go.
[chuckles]
[Kiruko sighs] I don't think I can say it.
-[Maru] Okay. So I'll tell him.
-[gasps]
That's fine, right?
[Juichi] There was no one there at all?
Not even the women?
[Maru] There was a Hiruko, a Man-eater.
But that's it.
[Juichi] So they're dead.
My child, my enemies.
[Kiruko] Look, it's a Man-eater nest now.
But that doesn't mean anything.
Maybe the building
just got too old for them.
So everyone moved out,
and the spider moved in.
We don't know.
It could be fine, so don't lose hope.
[stranger] Hey! Needle noggin!
You got something to say,
come say it to my fists!
-[stranger 2] Is it him?
-[stranger] Yeah, it's gotta be.
-[stranger 2] No way.
-[stranger] It is, look!
Hey! You're Boar #11, aren't you?
-Juichi, right?
-[gasps]
[Juichi] Yes, you're Boar #6! And Boar #9!
[Boar #6] Oh, come on, man!
Don't call us that!
[Juichi] You called me that first!
I was just copying you!
[Boar #9] Anyway, uh,
we're living somewhere else now.
[Boar #6] Oh, and the kid
born from your seed is happy and healthy!
-[Juichi] What?
-We can take you to him.
Come see the new place!
Let's see, where to start? Um…
You hadn't been gone very long.
It was only a few weeks,
maybe a month, after you ran away,
and those two women were executed.
Your son started crying
in the middle of the night.
[crying]
But we were terrified
of what those women might have done
if he annoyed them.
So we were all trying to quiet him down.
And then, suddenly…
that monster invaded.
Since we were all awake when it attacked,
we escaped through the hole
it blasted in the outer wall.
Hmm…
[Boar #6]
Look, Jugo, look! It's your daddy!
[Boar #9] No, Jugo. No, not me. That way.
[laughs]
[chattering]
-[Boar #9] I said it's not me.
-[chuckles]
[person] He can't understand you.
[Juichi panting]
[gasping]
-[cries]
-[Jugo grunts]
[Juichi sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
[Maru] Good for him.
His enemies are dead and his kid's okay.
I love a happy ending.
Yeah. Now I won't feel so bad
about taking his money.
-[Kiruko sniffles]
-[scoffs]
Sure. You keep trying to act tough.
You're clearly crying.
No, you are. [sniffles]
[cheering, laughing]
-[laughing]
-[person] All right, what do we have here?
-[person 2] Maybe some boar meat…
-[person 3 groans]
-[sighs]
-[person 2] …let's just cook all of it!
-[person 3] Uh-huh. Mouse or rat?
-[person 2] Oh!
[chattering, laughing]
-[person 2] Where'd you put the liquor?
-[person 3] Right there!
-[chattering continues]
-[chuckles]
-It was great last time.
-Mmm…
-[Boar #9] Juichi.
-[laughter continues]
Come eat. It's your party, after all.
[babbling]
[Juichi] They said
you've been looking after Jugo.
I really can't thank you enough
for taking care of him.
-[Jugo continues babbling]
-It's the least I could do. He's your son.
Listen, Juichi, I--
[chattering, laughing continues]
-[person] It's stupid! Stupid! So stupid.
-[laughs]
[Kiruko grunts]
[exhales]
Oh, that's real nice after freezing today.
[sighs]
[yawns]
Crazy how a hot bath
and one good meal will knock you out.
What are we doing tomorrow?
We can go find that Ibaraki facility,
I guess.
Okay, how are we gonna find it?
It's cool. I got an idea--
-[snoring]
-Huh?
Did she fall asleep mid-sentence?
[Boar #6 whispers] Lights out.
[taps]
[snoring]
[tapping]
-[Kiruko] Hey, Maru! Wake up!
-[gasps]
-[Maru] Crap. Do you think--
-[Kiruko] There's no mistaking it.
Everyone out, now!
-[shivers]
-This cold is an attack by a Man-eater!
[pants]
-Where's Juichi?
-[Kiruko] Is he not here?
Do you see him here?
Just calm down! Are you sure?
[person] I can't find the leader
or Jugo either!
Damn it! Juichi, where are you?
Get outside!
[grunts, pants]
-[shivering]
-[Kiruko] Is he--
He's just unconscious.
But here, take Jugo.
[grunts]
All right, guys!
Get on the road and keep moving!
The cold has a center point.
If you stay there, you die!
[panting]
[Kiruko] Stay calm.
My head's so cold, it hurts!
But I can still feel my legs.
[coughing]
Something's wrong.
No matter how much I run,
I can't get away.
My lungs are burning.
Is it chasing me?
Then why can't I see it?
Or hear it? Where is it?
Damn it!
That attack range I figured out earlier…
Did I get it wrong?
-[ice crackling]
-[Kiruko whimpers]
[wind howls]
Sis! [grunts]
[grunting, panting]
[Kiruko] The cold air is gone.
[grunts, gasps]
[pants]
It's okay! You're good now!
-[Maru] Don't go near him!
-[Kiruko] I have to! He'll die!
-We can't let the monster get him!
-[Maru] Stop!
Stop! That kid is the Hiruko! [pants]
I know. I've fought enough of them by now.
It's kinda like I can sense
their presence or something.
Look, you see?
The kid is the one doing the cold attack.
-[wind howls]
-[ice crackles]
And just like that, the cold is gone.
Yeah. Like nothing ever happened.
-[crying continues]
-[Kiruko] Uh… [chuckles]
Hey, it's okay.
[Tokio] Send message to Kona.
They said they can remove
the thing inside me soon.
After that, I can go…
[stifles sob]
…back to school.
And see you. I miss you, Kona.
[sobbing, sniffling]
I'll see you soon, okay? Promise.
-[Dr. Sawatari] It'll be born soon.
-[gasps]
[stutters] Dr. Sawatari!
It'll be fine.
[Maru] Jugo, hey!
-[Juichi] Here. Take this too.
-[Jugo laughs, coos]
[Juichi] It expired over ten years ago,
but it's better than nothing.
[Kiruko] Oh, thanks.
You're sure it's okay if I--
Yeah. We have plenty of medicine
stashed away.
[Kiruko] Not the medicine, the car.
Hmm.
Sure. Not like I have any reason
to be traveling now, right?
Besides, the car they have here
is much better than that old hunk of junk.
[chuckles] You're kinda doing me a favor.
-All right, then. Fair enough.
-[laughing]
[people chattering]
[trunk closes]
See you around, Juichi.
Don't get frozen to death
by that kid of yours! You got it?
-See you. Bye-bye.
-Hmm.
-[engine sputters]
-[all gasp]
Uh… [chuckles]
-Huh?
-[engine sputters]
-[Kiruko] Uh, sorry. Crap. That's weird.
-Sis, we look dumb.
-Hush! I'm working on it!
-All right, you. Come on!
-[engine sputters]
[groans] Or not!
[Maru] There's no, "Or not!"
'Cause we gotta go!
[Kiruko] Panicking isn't gonna
make anything work any better!
[Maru] Wait, I'm panicking?
[Aoshima] Children, we're going to be
welcoming some new friends today.
And you, as classmates,
are reaching an important time
in your lives.
I hope you will aim for a bright future,
no matter what happens.
And if you have doubts,
I hope you will listen to your hearts.
Well, that was vague and confusing.
[Aoshima] Now, let's all give
a nice, warm welcome to our 5th years.
[person breathing heavily]
[tapping]
-[Juichi] I didn't forget.
-[gurgling]
The night I escaped.
[door opens]
[gasps]
[Juichi panting]
-[Boar #9] Someone broke out!
-[gasps]
[Boar #9] Someone's escaping!
[Juichi] Someone called
for the guards immediately.
I wondered if I was a traitor
for leaving you all behind?
Or if it was just payback
for some petty grudge?
I guess I'll never know the answer.
But I do know one thing.
-The voice that killed Jugo's mother was--
-[exhales]
[gasps]
Well,
until next time.
-[door closes]
-[engine starts]
Hmm? Who's going out?
[shouts, pants]
-Come on!
-Oh, man. You scared the crap out of me.
Okay, okay. Let's go.
[both grunt]
-[both scream]
-[Jugo giggling]
Watch where you're going, you idiot!
[grumbles]
Hey, wasn't that our car?
[babbling]
[laughing]
[Juichi] See you. Bye-bye.
[Jugo babbling]